Your task is to design conceptual, logical and physical  data model for one of the specified subject areas based on the requirements for a database

1. Choose ONE of the subject areas below:
fuel station network
household appliances store
museum
real estate agency



2. Create logical models for your selected domain. Save these models as PNG files.
The model should be in 3rd normal form (3NF).
Your model should include at least 6 tables (relations).
Your model should include at least one many-to-many relationship
The data types should be specified.
Keys and other constraints should be specified.
The names of the tables and columns should be clear (adhere to the coding standards).



3. Create a physical database with a separate database and schema and give it an appropriate domain-related name. 
Create relationships between tables using primary and foreign keys.
Use ALTER TABLE to add at least 5 check constraints across the tables to restrict certain values, as example 
date to be inserted, which must be greater than January 1, 2024
inserted measured value that cannot be negative
inserted value that can only be a specific value
unique
not null

Give meaningful names to your CHECK constraints. 
Use appropriate data types for each column and apply DEFAULT, STORED AS and GENERATED ALWAYS AS columns as required.


4. Populate the tables with the sample data generated, ensuring each table has at least 6+ rows (for a total of 36+ rows in all the tables) for the last 3 months.
Create DML scripts for insert your data. 
Ensure that the DML scripts do not include values for surrogate keys, as these keys should be generated by the database during runtime. 
Also, ensure that any DEFAULT values required are specified appropriately in the DML scripts. 
These DML scripts should be designed to successfully adhere to all previously defined constraints


5. Create the following functions.
5.1 Create a function that updates data in one of your tables. This function should take the following input arguments:
The primary key value of the row you want to update
The name of the column you want to update
The new value you want to set for the specified column

This function should be designed to modify the specified row in the table, updating the specified column with the new value.


5. 2 Create a function that adds a new transaction to your transaction table. 
You can define the input arguments and output format. 
Make sure all transaction attributes can be set with the function (via their natural keys). 
The function does not need to return a value but should confirm the successful insertion of the new transaction.


6. Create a view that presents analytics for the most recently added quarter in your database. Ensure that the result excludes irrelevant fields such as surrogate keys and duplicate entries.

7. Create a read-only role for the manager. This role should have permission to perform SELECT queries on the database tables, and also be able to log in. Please ensure that you adhere to best practices for database security when defining this role


Note:
Please pay attention that your code must be reusable and rerunnable and executes without errors.
Create separate database and schema
Avoid hardcode
Add all necessary comments 

