Task 1. Window Functions

Create a query to generate a report that identifies for each channel and throughout the entire period, the regions with the highest quantity of products sold (quantity_sold). 
The resulting report should include the following columns:
CHANNEL_DESC
COUNTRY_REGION
SALES: This column will display the number of products sold (quantity_sold) with two decimal places.
SALES %: This column will show the percentage of maximum sales in the region (as displayed in the SALES column) compared to the total sales for that channel. The sales percentage should be displayed with two decimal places and include the percent sign (%) at the end.
Display the result in descending order of SALES








Task 2. Window Functions

Identify the subcategories of products with consistently higher sales from 1998 to 2001 compared to the previous year. 
Determine the sales for each subcategory from 1998 to 2001.
Calculate the sales for the previous year for each subcategory.
Identify subcategories where the sales from 1998 to 2001 are consistently higher than the previous year.
Generate a dataset with a single column containing the identified prod_subcategory values.



Task 3. Window Frames

Create a query to generate a sales report for the years 1999 and 2000, focusing on quarters and product categories. In the report you have to  analyze the sales of products from the categories 'Electronics,' 'Hardware,' and 'Software/Other,' across the distribution channels 'Partners' and 'Internet'.
The resulting report should include the following columns:
CALENDAR_YEAR: The calendar year
CALENDAR_QUARTER_DESC: The quarter of the year
PROD_CATEGORY: The product category
SALES$: The sum of sales (amount_sold) for the product category and quarter with two decimal places
DIFF_PERCENT: Indicates the percentage by which sales increased or decreased compared to the first quarter of the year. For the first quarter, the column value is 'N/A.' The percentage should be displayed with two decimal places and include the percent sign (%) at the end.
CUM_SUM$: The cumulative sum of sales by quarters with two decimal places
The final result should be sorted in ascending order based on two criteria: first by 'calendar_year,' then by 'calendar_quarter_desc'; and finally by 'sales' descending

