Please add comments why you chose a particular way to solve each tasks.
You cannot use window frames

Task 1

Create a query to produce a sales report highlighting the top customers with the highest sales across different sales channels. This report should list the top 5 customers for each channel. Additionally, calculate a key performance indicator (KPI) called 'sales_percentage,' which represents the percentage of a customer's sales relative to the total sales within their respective channel.
Please format the columns as follows:
Display the total sales amount with two decimal places
Display the sales percentage with four decimal places and include the percent sign (%) at the end
Display the result for each channel in descending order of sales

Below is a sample report. Please do not use it as is for your solution.







Task 2

Create a query to retrieve data for a report that displays the total sales for all products in the Photo category in the Asian region for the year 2000. Calculate the overall report total and name it 'YEAR_SUM'
Display the sales amount with two decimal places
Display the result in descending order of 'YEAR_SUM'
For this report, consider exploring the use of the crosstab function. Additional details and guidance can be found at this link

Below is a sample report. Please do not use it as is for your solution.







Task 3

Create a query to generate a sales report for customers ranked in the top 300 based on total sales in the years 1998, 1999, and 2001. The report should be categorized based on sales channels, and separate calculations should be performed for each channel.
Retrieve customers who ranked among the top 300 in sales for the years 1998, 1999, and 2001
Categorize the customers based on their sales channels
Perform separate calculations for each sales channel
Include in the report only purchases made on the channel specified
Format the column so that total sales are displayed with two decimal places

Below is a sample report. Please do not use it as is for your solution.







Task 4

Create a query to generate a sales report for January 2000, February 2000, and March 2000 specifically for the Europe and Americas regions.
Display the result by months and by product category in alphabetical order.


 Below is a sample report. Please do not use it as is for your solution.
